Add FedRAMP Low and Moderate benchmarks. Closes #394 Closes #373 (#395)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance: docs/index.md

# AWS Compliance Mod

> Run individual configuration, compliance and security controls or full compliance benchmarks for `Audit Manager Control Tower`, `AWS Foundational Security Best Practices`, `CIS`, `FedRAMP Low Revision 4`, `FedRAMP Moderate Revision 4`, `GDPR`, `HIPAA`, `NIST 800-53`, `NIST CSF`, `PCI DSS`, `RBI Cyber Security Framework` and `SOC 2` across all your AWS accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run individual configuration, compliance and security controls or full compliance benchmarks for `Audit Manager Control Tower`, `AWS Foundational Security Best Practices`, `CIS`, `FedRAMP`, `GDPR`, `HIPAA`, `NIST 800-53`, `NIST CSF`, `PCI DSS`, `RBI Cyber Security Framework` and `SOC 2` across all your AWS accounts.
```

I think it's ok just to say FedRAMP in general here, easier to read + we don't include version in the other benchmark names here

[Audit Manager Control Tower](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/audit-manager/latest/userguide/controltower.html) provide the easiest way to set up and govern a secure, multi-account AWS environment.

> [FedRAMP Low Revision 4](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Low_Security_Controls.xlsx) is a set of controls that provide the standard for cloud computing security for cloud service offerings (CSOs)."
> 
> [FedRAMP Moderate Revision 4](https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Moderate_Security_Controls.xlsx) is a set of controls that provide the standard for cloud computing security for controlled unclassified information across federal government agencies."
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[FedRAMP](https://www.fedramp.gov/baselines/) is a US government-wide program that delivers a standard approach to the security assessment, authorization, and continuous monitoring for cloud products and services.
```
